Don't get involved in this wife matter
Son got into big trouble
Offended big shots
If you lock him up
There is no disaster in our family
What son?
Who did you offend mom
No big shot
That's the mistress my dad found
Today he is still for this mistress
To break my hand
What is outrageous
Should I just go over and finish?
Dare to slander Miss Luo
Somebody put him in jail
Without my permission
No one can let him out
Dad, you can't do this.
Mom, he's coming soon.
Shut up Liang Kun
I'm saving you, do you know?
Let you talk nonsense here again
You don't know how you died later
Xu Mei Xu Mei
Remember me
Stop Liang Kun, I fed him
Who would dare to be presumptuous just now?
Roxenme
Are you sure you want to go against me?
Xunmei has no intention of opposing you
But I just want to ask today
What is Liang Kun's crime?
You're going to put him in jail
If you can't say why today
At my Luo's house
And all the dignitaries disagreed
I disagree, that's right.
We all disagree